That 's my family Kay, that' s not me.I don't trust a doctor who can hardly speak English. Don Corleone, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your home on the wedding day of your daughter. And may their first child be a masculine child. Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind.

    Te  salut,
    Don Corleone.Never let anyone know what you are thinking.Why did you go to
        the                                         police
    ? Why                                           didn 't you come to me first? I see you took the name of the town. What was your father' s
                                                    name
    ? You talk about vengeance.Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you
    ? Or my boy to                                                          me
    ?

    I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow.And one more thing
        .Don 't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull. I' m
            gonna make him an offer he can 't refuse. What' s the matter with
                                       you,
    huh ? What am I going              to do
    ? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out.

    Don 't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening? When they come... they come at what you love. Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don' t
        want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his
            hands,
    alright ? I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them,
    as you can see.They talk when they should listen.

    It 's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men. I' m
        your older brother,
    Mike, and I was stepped over !Why do you hurt me,
    Michael ? I've always been loyal to you. Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.

    If anything in this life is certain,
    if history has taught us    anything,
    it is that you can kill anyone.It 's not personal. It' s business.Is that
        why you slapped my brother around                    in public
    ? What 's the matter with you? Is this what you' ve      become,
    a Hollywood finocchio who cries like a                   woman
    ? "Oh, what do I do? What do I do?" What is that         nonsense
    ? Ridiculous !This one                                   time,
    this one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs.

    You can act like a
                                          man !It 's a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let' s
            work through where we go from here.Michael,
    you never told me you knew Johnny     Fontane !

    Do     me this favor
        .I won 't forget it. Ask your friends in the neighborhood about me. They' ll
            tell you I know how to return a favor.Fredo,
    you 're my older brother, and I love you. But don' t ever take sides with
        anyone against the Family again.Ever.In Sicily,
    women are more dangerous than shotguns.Leave the gun.Take the
        cannoli.Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in.
